Psalm 104 bless the Lord O my soul O
Lord my god you are very great you are
clothed with honor and Majesty who cover
yourself with light as with a garment
who stretch out the heavens like a
curtain he lays the beams of his upper
chambers in the waters who makes the
clouds his chariot who walks on the
wings of the wind who makes his angels
spirits his ministers a flame of fire
you who laid the foundations of the
earth so that it should not be moved for
ever you covered it with a deep as with
a garment the waters stood above the
mountains at your rebuke they fled at
the voice of your Thunder they hastened
away they went up over the mountains
they went down into the valleys to the
place which you founded for them you
have set a boundary that they may not
pass over that they may not return to
cover the earth he sends the springs
into the valleys they flow among the
hills they give drink to every beast of
the field the wild donkeys quenched
their thirst by them the birds of the
heavens have their home they sing among
the branches he waters the hills from
his upper chambers the earth is
satisfied with a fruit of your works he
causes the grass to grow for the cattle
and vegetation for the service of man
that he may bring forth food from the
earth and wine that makes glad the heart
of man oil to make his face shine and
bread which strengthens man's heart
the trees of the Lord are full of SAP
the Cedars of Lebanon which he planted
where the birds make their nests the
stork has her home in the fir trees the
high hills are for the wild goats the
cliffs are a refuge for the rock badgers
he appointed the moon for seasons the
Sun knows it's going down you make
darkness and it is night in which all
the beasts of the forest creep about the
Young Lions roar after their prey and
seek their food from God when the Sun
rises they gather together and lie down
in their dens man goes out to his work
and to his labor until the evening Oh
Lord how manifold are your works in
wisdom you have made them all the earth
is full of your possessions this great
and wide sea in which are innumerable
teeming things living things both small
and great they're the ships sail about
there is that Leviathan which you have
made to play there these all wait for
you that you may give them their food in
due season what you give them they
gather in you open your hand they are
filled with good you hide your face they
are troubled you take away their breath
they die and return to their dust you
send forth your spirit they are created
and you renew the face of the earth
may the glory of the Lord endure forever
may the Lord rejoice in his works he
looks on the earth and it trembles he
touches the hills and they smoke I will
sing to the Lord as long as I live I
will sing praise to my god while I have
my being may my meditation be sweet to
him I will be glad in the Lord may
sinners be consumed from the earth and
the wicked be no more bless the Lord O
my soul praise the Lord
[Music]